socialNetwork/controller/UserController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.UserController
socialNetwork/config/AppConfig.java
 socialNetwork.config.AppConfig
socialNetwork/repository/IPostRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.IPostRepository
socialNetwork/repository/RoleRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.RoleRepository
socialNetwork/model/friend/Friend.java
 socialNetwork.model.friend.Friend
socialNetwork/service/CommentService.java
 socialNetwork.service.CommentService
socialNetwork/model/Comment.java
 socialNetwork.model.Comment
socialNetwork/repository/ILikesRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.ILikesRepository
socialNetwork/model/Role.java
 socialNetwork.model.Role
socialNetwork/service/IMessageService.java
 socialNetwork.service.IMessageService
socialNetwork/service/NotificationService.java
 socialNetwork.service.NotificationService
socialNetwork/model/friend/FriendTest.java
 socialNetwork.model.friend.FriendTest
socialNetwork/model/User.java
 socialNetwork.model.User
socialNetwork/config/SecurityInit.java
 socialNetwork.config.SecurityInit
socialNetwork/controller/CommentController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.CommentController
socialNetwork/service/IGeneralService.java
 socialNetwork.service.IGeneralService
socialNetwork/service/friend/IUserServices.java
 socialNetwork.service.friend.IUserServices
socialNetwork/controller/NotificationController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.NotificationController
socialNetwork/repository/IMessageRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.IMessageRepository
socialNetwork/controller/MessageController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.MessageController
socialNetwork/controller/LikesController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.LikesController
socialNetwork/config/AppInit.java
 socialNetwork.config.AppInit
socialNetwork/service/friend/UserServices.java
 socialNetwork.service.friend.UserServices
socialNetwork/service/PostService.java
 socialNetwork.service.PostService
socialNetwork/repository/UserRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.UserRepository
socialNetwork/service/ICommentService.java
 socialNetwork.service.ICommentService
socialNetwork/config/SecurityConfig.java
 socialNetwork.config.SecurityConfig
socialNetwork/service/ILikesService.java
 socialNetwork.service.ILikesService
socialNetwork/model/Message.java
 socialNetwork.model.Message
socialNetwork/model/Notification.java
 socialNetwork.model.Notification
socialNetwork/service/IPostService.java
 socialNetwork.service.IPostService
socialNetwork/service/LikesService.java
 socialNetwork.service.LikesService
socialNetwork/repository/friend/IUserRepo.java
 socialNetwork.repository.friend.IUserRepo
socialNetwork/service/user/RoleService.java
 socialNetwork.service.user.RoleService
socialNetwork/controller/PostController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.PostController
socialNetwork/service/MessageService.java
 socialNetwork.service.MessageService
socialNetwork/service/user/IUserService.java
 socialNetwork.service.user.IUserService
socialNetwork/service/INotificationService.java
 socialNetwork.service.INotificationService
socialNetwork/repository/ICommentRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.ICommentRepository
socialNetwork/repository/INotificationRepository.java
 socialNetwork.repository.INotificationRepository
socialNetwork/model/Likes.java
 socialNetwork.model.Likes
socialNetwork/service/user/UserService.java
 socialNetwork.service.user.UserService
socialNetwork/model/Post.java
 socialNetwork.model.Post
socialNetwork/service/user/IRoleService.java
 socialNetwork.service.user.IRoleService
socialNetwork/service/friend/IFriendService.java
 socialNetwork.service.friend.IFriendService
socialNetwork/controller/FriendController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.FriendController
socialNetwork/repository/friend/IFriendRepo.java
 socialNetwork.repository.friend.IFriendRepo
socialNetwork/controller/HomeController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.HomeController
socialNetwork/service/friend/FriendServices.java
 socialNetwork.service.friend.FriendServices
socialNetwork/controller/ProfileController.java
 socialNetwork.controller.ProfileController
